# KnightQuest #
## Game summary ##
The royal family has gone missing and you, a royal knight, have been tasked with getting them back. Over the course of two stages and potentially minibosses, followed by a final stage and boss, the player will fight a variety of enemies to save members of the royal family while avoiding obstacles and platforming. At the end of each stage, the player is given the choice between one of two abilities that will give the player more creativity over how they play. When they move to a new stage, they are additionally given the option to upgrade or purchase equipment using currency acquired from killing enemies. If time provides for the addition of more stages, a player’s improved ability across stages will be accounted for, with each stage growing increasingly difficult with more powerful enemies and more complex behavior in movement and attacks. Obstacles and spatial constraints will also grow increasingly challenging across stages. The game culminates in a battle against the final boss, a dragon, to finally save the king.
## Gameplay system ##
Our game is a side-scrolling 2D platformer with combat that involves using a sword to attack enemies. At each stage, the goal of the player is to defeat the enemies and move through obstacles to finally reach the end. If there is time for implementation, the end of each stage will involve fighting against a miniboss that has unique attacks and movement behavior. The player can move in any direction within that space, left to right and top to bottom by walking or jumping. The game begins with an introduction to the recent events that have led the protagonist to their current position, that is the missing royal family. Each stage is designed more or less linearly such that the player will need to move from their initial position to the end, where they will face the stage’s miniboss (potentially). Each level has three types of enemies specific to that level, related to a common trait.
    
The gameplay loop for each level revolves around defeating a set number of enemies placed in predefined areas while moving around by walking or jumping to move forward in the level. Platforming elements like moving blocks and traps will serve to add more challenge when moving through the level. The player should be focused on ensuring that they do not die by allowing their HP to reach 0 and on being economical with their attacks and movement to avoid exhausting their stamina bar. At the end of each level, the choice between two abilities allows the player to make a meaningful choice in how they play moving forward, while also providing replay value. 
